feat: add `blas/ext/base/svander` (#10926)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/svander/README.md

var x = discreteUniform( M, 0, 10, {
    'dtype': 'float32'
});
var out = new Float32Array( M*N );

svander( 'row-major', -1, M, N, x, 1, out, N );
console.log( out );

out = new Float32Array( M*N );
svander.ndarray( -1, M, N, x, 1, 0, out, N, 1, 0 );
console.log( out );
```

</section>

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/blas/ext/base/svander.h"
```

#### stdlib_strided_svander( order, mode, M, N, \*X, strideX, \*Out, LDO )

Generates a single-precision floating-point Vandermonde matrix.

```c
#include "stdlib/blas/base/shared.h"

const float x[ 3 ] = { 1.0f, 2.0f, 3.0f };
float Out[ 3*3 ] = { 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f };

stdlib_strided_svander( CblasRowMajor, -1.0f, 3, 3, x, 1, Out, 3 );
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **order**: `[in] CBLAS_LAYOUT` storage layout.

> -   **mode**: `[in] float` specifies whether powers are increasing (`1`) or decreasing (`-1`).

Author: ```suggestion
-   **mode**: `[in] float` mode. If `mode < 0`, the function generates decreasing powers. If `mode > 0`, the function generates increasing powers..
```

-   **N**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` number of columns in `Out`.
-   **X**: `[in] float*` input array.
-   **strideX**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride length for `X`.
-   **Out**: `[out] float*` output matrix.
-   **LDO**: `[in] CBLAS_INT` stride of the first dimension of `Out` (a.k.a., leading dimension of the matrix `Out`).

```c
void API_SUFFIX(stdlib_strided_svander)( const CBLAS_LAYOUT order, const float mode, const CBLAS_INT M, const CBLAS_INT N, const float *X, const CBLAS_INT strideX, float *Out, const CBLAS_INT LDO );
```

<!-- lint disable maximum-heading-length -->

#### stdlib_strided_svander_ndarray( mode, M, N, \*X, strideX, offsetX, \*Out, strideOut1, strideOut2, offsetOut )

<!-- lint enable maximum-heading-length -->

Generates a single-precision floating-point Vandermonde matrix using alternative indexing semantics.

```c
#include "stdlib/blas/base/shared.h"

const float x[ 3 ] = { 1.0f, 2.0f, 3.0f };
float Out[ 3*3 ] = { 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f, 0.0f };

stdlib_strided_svander_ndarray( -1.0f, 3, 3, x, 1, 0, Out, 3, 1, 0 );
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

> -   **mode**: `[in] float` specifies whether powers are increasing (`1`) or decreasing (`-1`).

Author: ```suggestion
-   **mode**: `[in] float` mode. if `mode < 0`, the function generates decreasing powers; if `mode > 0`, the function generates increasing powers..
```

> -   **mode**: `[in] float` mode. if `mode < 0`, the function generates decreasing powers; if `mode > 0`, the function generates increasing powers..

Author: ```suggestion
-   **mode**: `[in] float` mode. if `mode < 0`, the function generates decreasing powers. if `mode > 0`, the function generates increasing powers..
```
